added 3th part libraries notes on development-guidelines.md (#4)
teamdigitale/io-handbook: development-guidelines.md

Always check the feedback that these tools automatically provide to each
Pull Request and implement the changes necessary or suggested.

### Third-party libraries

> IO project uses several 3th part open source libraries. When including or updating a library could happen that the library's code should be fixed. In that case two options can be evaluated:

Reviewer: Piccola typo: `third-party` (o al limite `3rd party`)

> IO project uses several 3th part open source libraries. When including or updating a library could happen that the library's code should be fixed. In that case two options can be evaluated:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IO includes several third-party open source libraries in its components. When including or updating a library it could happen that the library's code needs some changes (e.h. bugfixes). In that case two options can be evaluated:
```

> 1. fork the original project (the one where the library come from), patch it, and then refer the forked library into *packages.json*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. fork the original github repository (the one where the library comes from), patch it, and then [set the dependency to the forked repo](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#github-urls) from `package.json`
```

> 2. use a post install patch to fix the original library code [patch-package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/patch-package) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. create a [post install patch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/patch-package) to fix the original library code
```
